What do we mean by DAO(Decentralized Autonomous Organization)?
Blockcahin is not only a technological revolution but also a socioeconomical revolution. Blockchain 
is a tool which bring us towards decentalized world. Now these days, why people are moving towards
Blockchain Technology to understand that concept better we need to understand the history of Internet.
In early 90's we uses the so called web tools at that time the internet become more muture and
 more programable and all of the sudden we had social media platform like facebook and peer to 
 peer economy where producer and consumer can close to each other and share the information as needed.
so, the original vision of the internet was to be decentralized world where everybody could put the information online
but in the Web2 it become very centralized with those platform it bourght us with peer to 
peer economy with man in middle this platform in the middle who started to control all the data
and dectate the rules of transaction of that platform. so, instead of internet become 
decentralized it become more centralizeso
So, what we are trying to do now with Blockcahin, IPFS and all other technology of decentral web
we are redesigning the data structure and giving the fact that we are living in a connected world.
and if we think Blockchain in the context of Internet it is a driving technology behind the decentralized
web or also called as Web3. we can say it is a decentalized world computer it is a distributed network
of computer this is a peer to peer network the protocol could be seen as the operationg system 
where now we can run centralized application or smart contract on top of it. so we are 
reinventing not only the Internet also the computer. it is important to understand that this 
technology on its early stage of devlopment. in 1990's internet was introduced and in 1960 
when it comes to hardware.
Blockchain allow real peer to peer transaction without a middle man they all started with Bitcoin
where two people who dont trust each other send or receives money without involiving a trusted
third party. So, it all based on one Question that is trust. its a protocol that decentralized
trust and instead of central party veryfing transactions the trnscation are veryfied in peer 
to peer network in a democratic way by consenses. it is all done atumatically the computers 
in the network do that automatically it is not people behind it is machine consenses. this 
machine consenses allow us to have pppeer to peer transaction without a middleman and the height
of this machine consesnses is smart contract. Smart contract is just a peice of code  running 
on the top of the blockchain that codefy the rules of a transaction and when the rules of the 
transactions are mat the transaction is automatically exectuted. this is highly distruptive
because it reduces the transaction cost of complaians and enforcement because transaction and 
complains happen on the fly. so if we think of cheese game we always have a chess board manager
who make sure that the moves are make according to the predefine rules and thsi is the funstion 
of the smart contract. so smart contract jus tintermediate in a very vediacl way and allow us to
have this peer to peer transactions. Basically we use smart contract for any industry. 
we strated with Bitcoin money without banks sending mmoney from A to B its like sealing books
without amazon so we get rid of the platform through this decentralized application in the heart
of those Dapp are smart contract.
now the height of a smartcontract is DAO are nothing else but very complex smart contract that
defines the by law of an organization into the smart contract what kind of DAO have we had so 
far and if we look at Bitcoin reallly is a Decentralized Autonomous organization its not only money with out 
but but also money without manager there is no bitcoin central authority there is not one person 
or one entity who can turn off Bitcoin Ok now look at distruptive organization so if we look at organization 
we know today weather it is political or economical they are very much organized in a hierarical topdown approch 
smart contract and protocols that are machine consenses that are auto inforceble can now define the rules of 
rules of an organization into autoinfoceable code and in this way we can get rid of a lot of 
burocracy wheather in private organization or public organization even though this technology is in the very erly stage 
it has the potentional to really distrupt the way we organize socity. if we look at Bitcoin it 
has the market capitalization of more than a lot of small nations out there and it comis very top down
and when one we start to democracy the idea was to allow people to participate in the consenses
process  the problem with big socity is it inefficent to take particuipate in every decision 
making process and this is why the form of democracy we have now a days are repersentative
democracy tese institution alies repersentative democracy are in a very way hierarical we
are citizen we can vote every 4 or sometime 5 year but in between we have a power over what those 
repersentatives do  we cannot revoke that power we limited means in most cases now govermenyt enteties
are trusted that party in a way and would blockchain with machine consenses for the first time 
ww are in the situation where we could make concepts like liquid democracy on one hand and 
wholocrucy on other hand when it comes to organizations happen in a much more effecient way.
smart contract are machine consenses is very efficenet when we can exactly pridict what will happen 
it is easy to put that into code and reduce transaction costs. smart contracts blockchain really
allows when it come to deal with unkonw unknows because we canot enforce situation as those unknow unknows 
what do we do when those unknow unknows occure we need dispute resolution we need some kind of 
governence mechanism that we dont have yet so because the technology still in the early stages 
we can use it for any kind of use case lets start with non essential or non critical things 
because it still a very experimental technology a lot of usecases of blockchain  build on network effect 
when its come to accounting , supply chain ,iot etc. so we are not there yet those usecases what we needc 
extereme network effect we need another 5 to 10 years and hopefully the first killer application 
the next three year but we can see even though more long for desentralized world we have been 
socialixed in very top doen structure in a way. so there is a gap between what wanted to be and what we can be 
as a socity because we dont have the soft tools yet.


decentrally. on the potical side what we had before we had the king ruling acitorship 


 

