 is it possible to run an organization which only consist codes and totally decentalized 
 in nature? its sounds impossible, OK fine now lets talk about our traditional centralized 
 system it follows a hieracical structure to mange the work flow there is CEO, than top level
 managers, lower level manager and than employess we follow the same sturcture to setup a 
 company or a startup. 
 take a pause and think, analyse the sturture carefully its nothing but a group of people having
 certain contracts between each other who has allowed what they have to do who has 
 which wides and permission. Centralized system has some flaws when there is a single point of
 failure it comes to curroption or if people makes mistake it has large influation on
 oragnization its include paper work, meetings and lots of thing we have to wriitten down.
 we need something that records the rule, bylaws of a company, no centralized authority,
 no server,
 where we can transfer money and gadget, it actutually turns out and all these things exist 
 called Blockchain Technology. the first thing that comes into our mind when we talk about 
 Blockchain is "Bitcoin" but it was the first usecase introcuded by Satoshi Nakamoto in 2009 to 
 build decentralized cryptocurrency and trying to make decentralized money which was a uage step
 toward decentalization but there exist other technology called "Ethereum" which took one step
 further. it added some possiblity to write Smart Contracts. smart contract is a computer code 
  build on top of cryptocurrenty blockchain network where computers or nodes executes the code.
  once the node execute this contract they update the ledger.
  blockchain is a technology that automate trust and the automated frictionless value change
  this capacity to automate the basic working of the social institution coupled with increased 
  connectivity. 
  the decentralized autonomos organization is run by rules that are created by there members through
  a consenses process and written into a set of contracts that are run by a set of computer code on
  blockchain thus enabling the automated managment of a distributed organization. it is a online 
  platform comunities with the resources organized according to the rules agreed in advance 
  and set out into its code that enables the modification of code through member consenses. it is currently
  possible by the devlopment of ethereum. etherum is a public blockchain  
  which work as decentralized virtual machine for exectuting peer to peer contracts. DAO are assentailly 
  complex smart contract that combine to form a set of rule that manages the set of operation of a 
  group of members and there resources. distributed organization are designed to support self sustening
  system of organization through local feedback loops. in self organization, instead of having formal managment system 
  there is monitoring and cordinating the organization from a central point. decentralized system 
  work though a signalling system whch are distributed feedback loops , to tackle a problemm by creating
   a infrastructure of corporation done through local interaction between member and signalling 
   system that are designed to create a self organizing system. good example of buying things 
   online one these day it includes feedback system provided by buyer-seller, that contain peer to peer
   interaction 
    smartcontract is a gernal purpose code that run on every computer in the network by sendin ether 
    to the creator.DAO codes the rules and eleminate the documents and paper work and create structure
    with decentralized control.
    
    how it works:
    * A group of people write the smart contract for any organization. it includes inital funding 
    period where people come together to fund DAO by purchasing token that show the ownership also
    know as crowdfunding or ICO to provide resources they need. when funding period is over, now its 
    time to operate DAO. people make proposal to the DAO how to spend money and the members who have 
    bought they can vote to approve these proposal. Remember, donot make token into equity share, it
    is more likely to provide voting rights but not exactly the ownership. DAO is a software running
    on etherum network  and not owned by a single one. the fist DAO is Bitcoin, which is governed by
    consenses algorithm and the rest DAO's have been launched on etherum platform.
    "The DAO" is the name of a particular DAO,conceived of and programmed by the team behind German
    startup Slock.it. It is a company building "smart locks" that let people share their things 
    in a decentralized version of Airbnb. 
    the DAO was launch on 30th April, with the critria of 28 days funding window.whatever the reason 
    behind it,DAO was popular and raised over $100 million by 15th may and by the ending of funding
    window it raised over $150 million from more than 11,000 members. it raised beyond the creator 
    was expecting for.
    when the crowd funding is over, the first discussion was the valnurability of code before
    funding the proposals. On 12th june Stephan Tual, one of the DAO creator has announced about 
    "recursive call bug" found in software but he also said it does not effect DAO fund. till than, 
    more than 50 project proposal were waiting for DAO's token holder to vote on them. 
    Everyone who writes a smart contract knows that if it can move a large amount of cash it will
    be subject to attack(copy). suddendly, while programmers were working to fix the bug and 
    other problems, an unknow attacker publish the "child DAO" having same stucture as the original
    DAO and start draning DAO's ether collected from the sale of its token. later,Stephan Tual announced
    that if the hacker tries to sell any of the stolen ether in cryprocurrency market, the system 
    will falg it.
    
    The DAO failure created 
    the negative imapct on ethereum network as well as on cryptocrrency.
    the founder of ethereum network, vitalik buterin took a decision to install a "switch" in basic 
    ethereum code which prevent moving any ethers from DAO to its childern. this is called as soft-forking. 
    
  
